No one outside of this stupid little
bubble that we have cares at all about
which blockchain you're running on. They
don't care if it's decentralized. They
don't care if it's provisionless. They
don't care if it has rollups or blobs or
anything. They just care that they can
use it.
[Music]
Hey everyone, welcome to the Smart
Economy podcast where we ask your
favorite builders the questions you wish
you could ask yourself. This is a
production of neonnewstoday.com and I'm
your host Dylan Grabowski. In today's
episode, we're joined by Greg Derrisco,
the co-founder and chief architect at
MZero Labs, a developer entity focused
on simplifying crosschain stablecoin
interoperability. In this conversation,
we discussed Greg's background at
Makerdo and his early attempts at
launching an Ethereum ETF, abstracting
complexity away from stable coin
offerings and issuance, why he prefers
the Genius Act over the Stable Act going
through Congress right now, how
cuttingedge blockchain companies will
out compete the banks, and so much more.
Just a reminder, nothing said in this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens and that the host or guest
might hold tokens discussed in any given
episode. You can see a disclaimer at
neonnewtoday.com. If you enjoyed this
episode, please rate and review it on
your favorite podcasting platform and
share it with your friends and family.
Every rate, review, like, and comment
helps us reach more people and bring you
more of your favorite guests. With all
that said, I really enjoyed chatting
with Greg and I hope you enjoy the
conversation too. Hey everyone, welcome
to the Smart Economy podcast. Today
we're joined by Greg Derrisco, the
co-founder and chief architect at Mzero
Labs, a developer entity behind the
universal platform powering builders of
applicationspecific stable coins. How's
it going today, Greg? Good. Thanks for
having me, Dylan. It's not It's not
supposed to be that much of a mouthful
when you say it, but we might have to
revisit that one.
Well, you know, there's always
opportunity for SEO improvements, but I
think the mouthful is a nice kind of
segue into the interesting topic of the
kind of like orchestration and
crosschain utilization that MZ is really
going after that I can't wait to dig
into, but I kind of want to start maybe
like high level first and then we'll
talk about the stable coin outlook in
general and then really hone in in on
M0. So before we dig into even your your
genesis story, can you share a little
bit more about how your career started
as a futures trader? Sure. I don't get
that one every day. Wow. So I always
wanted to be a trader, believe it or
not. And most kids like are like, I want
to do a fire be a firefighter or some
sort of normal job. I always wanted to
be a trader. I think I I got my first
trading account, like a one of those
currency trading accounts when I was
like 12 or 13 or something. It was when
they just came out. and uh I loved it,
got hooked and then when I went to
college I studied economics and finance
with the intention of leaving and being
a trader and I left and became a trader.
But this is kind of segways into my
genesis story. So in my senior year of
college uh which was still 2010 I guess
I had gotten interested in Bitcoin
because I was you know very interested
in economics very interested in trading
and uh at the time if you I don't know
if you what you were doing during the
great financial crisis but we all
thought that everything was going to
collapse and the dollar was worthless
and we needed an immediate alternative
store of value that could be transported
across borders and things like that. And
on the libertarian internet forums I was
in at the time they were all talking
about Bitcoin. So I I got interested at
the time. I bought a little bit
obviously not a lot and I think I lost
that original one anyway. But that got
me hooked on crypto. So even though I
went into trading for the next six
years, I I had like one foot in the
trading world and one foot in the crypto
world because I was constantly paying
attention to the development in the
space. Yeah. Even though you probably
didn't buy like hundreds or even tens of
Bitcoin, it sounds like you you had to
go through the first experience of like
downloading the wallet and it sounded
very cumbersome back then. So being uh I
guess calling you a Bitcoin OG, what was
I wouldn't call myself that. There
there's a lot more re real people who
didn't just you know buy it and forget
about it for six years. Yeah. Well, I
guess maybe your user experience is
valuable especially back then. So when
you buy my favorite thing about that is
how I onboarded to Bitcoin. Okay. Which
uh I had a because I obviously I didn't
trust anybody. There was no exchange at
the time and I didn't I was on a you
know collegeissued laptop. up. I wasn't
going to be mining anything even back
then. So, I had to find a guy on PayPal
that would take like PayPal and send me
Bitcoin in return. But neither of us
trusted each other. I I still don't know
who the guy was, but neither of us
trusted each other enough to actually
deliver the full shipment in one go. So,
we did it where I I was like, "What's
the maximum amount I'm willing to lose
on this guy?" So, I'd send him $10 and
he'd send me $10 of Bitcoin. And we did
this like over and over and over until
the final I think I I sent him the final
10. And then I almost I was like
sweating. I'm like, "Oh man, he's going
to walk away." And he didn't. He sent me
the final $10. So at least you didn't
have to meet somebody like in a sketchy
alley to to swap. Yeah. No, that I even
back then I wasn't doing that.
So, did being I'm not sure if you went
to school in the Northeast, but were you
involved with kind of like the New
Hampshire Freedom Movement or any of
like the local libertarian events that
were going on out there? No, I I was
down at Delanova in Philadelphia. So,
pretty pretty far from New Hampshire and
I certainly at the time was not part of
any freedom movements. Just a a dumb
college kid on the internet. Yeah. I was
in college when during the great
recession and the only thing I cared
about was, you know, seeing my
girlfriend and and having beers after
class. But I do remember in economics my
my professor stating like how lucky we
were that we got to be in school during
the recession because that is like the
best place to ride out uh tumultuous
markets. But I didn't discover I didn't
come across my first like Bitcoin post
until 2012 and then didn't even think
about it until 2017. obviously the BTC
era or the ICO era. So after you bought
your first Bitcoin, was that kind of it?
I mean, you were trading, maybe you paid
attention to it as an emerging asset
class, were you still reading news
articles? Did Ethereum or or the
composability of Ethereum or the
programmability, was that something that
that caught your eye or like what
brought you back into the crypto space
after your six years of trading? So it
was actually a platform called
Bitshares. I don't know if you remember
that one. No, it was an early competitor
to Ethereum. I would say they actually
launched before Ethereum did. So at the
time I discovered Bitshares, the
Ethereum white paper had come out and I
read it and I was like, "Wow, that is
the biggest bunch of gibberish and
nonsense I've ever seen and I just
tossed it aside, forgot about it, and
I'm like, Bitshares, this is going to be
the big thing." And because Bitshares at
the time was very focused on the user
experience, they were not catering to
developers. the the analogy they used to
use is that if Ethereum was this general
purpose computer, they were like a Swiss
Army knife where they're going to
pre-seelelect the tools that you could
use, but they're going to be in the
blockchain. And the first application
that I saw on Bitshares was actually a
and I was a commodity trader at the
time. It was a commodity trading
application. So, it immediately clicked
for me because I'm like, "Wow, I'm
paying what, like 20 to 50% of my
revenue every year to the CME for
nothing and I pay 0% to this
decentralized exchange." So it
immediately collect and this was like
the first perch on change. They were
called bit assets. It was actually the
first collateralized stable coin on
chain called bit USD. This I'm pretty
sure this predates tether and
everything. The the only thing that came
before that was new bits which was a
Ponzi scheme like Terra but just
earlier. So yeah, I I got into that. I
was trading like oil on Bitshares and
I'm like all right in a few more years
this is going to take over the whole
world. Yeah. I I I thought it was going
to be a very rapid adoption curve
because it seemed like it was all there
to me. But then I would soon realize
that under the hood it was a lot of
shortcuts and it was not ready yet. But
then Ethereum launched the frontier
network which is their first mainet and
that's when I when I when it clicked for
me and actually the application that
made it click for me at Ethereum was the
prediction market augur. I don't know if
you remember Augur. Uh that I read that
white paper and I was like oh this makes
so much sense because before that I was
a trader. was very interested in these
different emerging market technologies.
The whole Mercantile Exchange was where
I worked. We were all on intrade because
there was a former uh NX trader called
Ron Bernstein who helped uh who founded
intrade and then went on to work at
Augur. So he he was kind of like that
you probably see a lot of ex futures
traders in there. I think you can credit
a lot of that to Ron because he he made
the jump from intrade to to Augur and he
was a trader so people were watching
what he was doing. But uh when they said
like an intrade that can't get shut down
or steal all your money, I'm like, "Oh,
that's brilliant." So it clicked for me
there and then I found other things like
maker dow which I'd go on to work with
and yeah, Ethereum just started clicking
for me and I was like, "Okay, this is
going to be big." Yeah. So let's talk
about your transition into Maker Dow.
You were the head of BD at Maker Dow. So
what was it like back then finding a
role in in the blockchain space? I think
Ethereum was probably the only smart
contract platform in town. So, how did
you kind of make the jump from being a
full-time trader into uh you know the
borrow lend platform that's makerd?
There was a couple steps between those
uh those two points because at the time
like you said how do you find a role?
You didn't find a role. You had to make
a role in crypto back then. There there
were no roles. There were chat rooms
filled with engineers. So I first at the
time my my boss at the time then he'd
become my business partner Joe. We tried
to start an ETF that would track the
price of Ether. So this is in 2016 you
know we really bought into the Ethereum
vision. We saw the Winklevoss twins had
their Bitcoin ETF application in. They
filed a 19B4 which like you really
you're not supposed to do that unless
you have the wink and the nod from the
SEC that you're getting approved. So,
we're like, "All right, either they're
like going full on to attack the SEC or
they're going to get the approval." And
who would be dumb enough to go full-on
against the SEC? And so, we're like,
"Let's file our application and we'll
make money when Ethereum goes up." So,
we did that and then, you know, lo and
behold, they get rejected by the SEC and
we're like, "Oh,
no." So, that was a lot of startup
capital that went down the drain. But,
um, in in the interim, we started a
crypto venture firm called Distributed
Capital, and we did that for a little
while. So when you were preparing your
version of the E ETF, was this also
around the time when you built and
launched Ether Index? That was Ether
Index. So Ether Index was the
methodology by which you because at the
time like they didn't have a good way to
even track a cryptocurrency for these
ETFs that like we thought the biggest
problem for the SEC was going to be how
do you actually calculate a price? So we
developed a proprietary index that would
do that. But that was obviously not the
problem. The problem was that they
didn't want crypto ATFs and they had
total discretion to reject them for
eight years. But yeah, it was still a
good jump because we got to meet a lot
of the early Ethereum founders and
community and we're like this this space
is underinvested primarily because Trafi
is so hostile to it. So we we started in
one of the first crypto VCs and our uh
agreements allowed us to buy ERC20
tokens and I think we were it was us
blockchain capital Polychain and maybe a
little bit Panta at the time was able to
to actually buy those things at least
domestically. And was this like 2016
2017ish and end of 2016 beginning of
2017? Okay. So you guys got to ride the
whole ICO wave? We caught the first ICO
wave. Yes. And we, this is why I said we
we only did that full-time for about a
year and a half because we we caught it
so good. We're like our our investors
were were mainly uh you know, New York
City TRD 5 family office types and we're
like they're they're never going to ride
through a crypto bare market with us.
That that would be insane. So let's cash
them out and then we will go work at our
core portfolio company which we're
really in love with and that was Maker.
Cool. So when you're doing head of BD at
Maker Dow, what does that look like in
2017, 2018, 2019? I'm still not
convinced that people understand the
value of stable coins. Borrow Lend isn't
even a thing really, even if the it was
like the features were available. So
what did those initial conversations
look like? What was hitting the ground
like when you were going out and
speaking with folks? The way I got into
maker actually was I was uh in a chat
room on BIM a platform called rocket
chat at the time and it was the early
maker dowo and at the time it was just
that it was like a dowo it didn't have
any entity didn't have bank accounts or
anything and it was just a bunch of
engineers building towards the goal of
die. So, I I had came in with my my
business partner and we were like, "All
right, you seem like you guys could use
some business help because you have a
lot of engineering talent here, but you
know, I think you're going to need like
an entity in a bank account to get these
things up and running." So, so we
started helping out as consultants and
then eventually started working for what
will become the Maker Foundation and we
needed job titles. So I got head of
bisdev and my partner got head at
trading and the early conversations were
with like the first crop of Ethereum
founders who would start to build an
application on Ethereum and then would
find that okay my application does not
make a lot of sense because it's
financial if you have to use Ether as
the unit of account. So you know look at
like Augur was one of our early
integrations. So, you go to Augur and
you're going to make a bet on the
outcome of a presidential election or
something, right? And you're buying an
asset for 50 cents, but there's hundreds
of percentage points of volatility baked
into the underlying asset that you're
making the bet. You could win the bet
and lose all your money. It didn't make
any sense. So, even even the early
developers understood the value of a
stable coin. Uh, I would say no one in
including me at the time really
understood what a stable coin needed to
be to scale. Because makaker's model was
to replicate a commercial bank on chain.
So basically have credit creation and
that and that was predicated on the
belief which we all I mean I will
challenge anybody who tries to be a a
Monday morning quarterback here. Like we
thought everything was going on chain.
Everyone involved at that point in time
did. We thought companies were going to
IPO on chain. We thought tokens were
going to be the next valuable asset
class. Like we did not think that the
credit creation side would constrain
adoption. We thought that the
integration side would constrain
adoption. So like at the beginning maker
you could just create die against ETH
but we're like there's more than enough
credit demand against ETH to uh to
facilitate the next 5 years of die
adoption and we were extremely wrong
about that. But yeah that that that was
the initial conversations integration
made sense. Nobody questioned whether
you can create enough die to uh to
matter and nobody questioned the
composition of the stable coin which we
we should have. So, I got into the
blockchain space. I was hooked almost
immediately in summer of of 17. And the
vision back then was just as you
painted. Everything's coming on chain.
Like Uber's going to be
decentralized. Everything was going to
be decentralized. And here we are mid
2025 and a lot of those visions just
have not come to fruition. A pervasive
trend last year was quiet quitting
amongst people who've been in the space
for six plus years. So maybe maybe like
a side step. I understand, but like what
keeps you motivated to keep working in
this space after so long when it's so
easy to get jaded. Well, I definitely
got jaded, but I I feel like I've always
had more realistic expectations than
most. Like I I never understood why we
built so much infrastructure that people
don't use. And uh I've always been
focused on applications that will impact
the end consumer. And I think in in
terms of like whether the technology can
produce that outcome, it absolutely can
because if but but you have to like
bring we we went from like okay let's
you know bring financial institutions on
chain disintermediate this inter
intermediate that to we're going to
tokenize and decentralize Uber in like a
year. But it didn't start like we're
going to tokenize decentralize Uber. It
was more like oh maybe capital formation
for companies like Uber will happen on
the blockchain because there's a better
decentralized model. like it started
grounded in reality and then very
quickly just got blown out of
proportion. But I think if you if you
continue to ground yourself in reality,
you see that this technology is
extremely impactful to the consumer.
Especially like the best example I give
every time I've been doing this for I
guess like almost 10 years now giving
this example is like go to go to a bank
and send a wire transfer and tell me you
didn't just feel like you went to the
DMV because you feel like you are
interacting with a government employee
that has absolutely no incentive to
serve your interest because that is the
worst system you will ever interact with
and then go and take a stable coin and
send it to anyone you want in the world
and tell me you didn't just see yourself
in the future. We're also starting to
see that now with like a lot of these US
treasuries coming on chain for anybody
who's ever switched a job like migrate
your 401k from one employer to the next
and it's a four to six week process
dealing with cut paper checks and in
between transit you have no idea where
your funds are. If you've been at a
company for 20 years it's like six
figures that's just floating in the
ether and you have no idea what's going
on. And this is a very real use case
today that onchain transactions can kind
of provide some solace for for for
people. They can see where their assets
are and they can track them and own
them. So kind of like zooming back to to
your background before we catch up to
today. In between Makerdo and your time
at Mzero, you also co-founded Azna Labs,
which was a permissionless borrow lend
platform. And from what I was able to
take away from my research, you were
essentially like trying to work yourself
out of a job from day one by making the
protocol be permissionless. So what was
like the timeline for Azna Labs and what
was the process like getting this thing
up and going and then stepping away from
it and letting it be its own thing?
You're dead right about the intention of
Azna. like we we were really looking at
unis swap because we we found them very
inspirational and what they did and we
wanted to create a protocol that could
exist without any uh dependencies and
our belief was that if you built that
then other people would come to build
their own applications on top
appreciating the stability that that
offered to them and I I think we're so
so obviously a does not have a lot of
TVL today it's it started off very
strong and then kind of faded and it's
still around we're still doing
integration And there's some UX and
improvements coming up for Azna that can
hopefully bring it back to a growth
path. But the the key issue with Azna
was that we we in my opinion we over
optimized for that decentralization and
that permissionlessness where that like
just didn't end up being what the market
cared about. The market cares about
simplicity of user experience. Like PE
people do not want to to figure out how
to use something. They they want to
click a button and they want it to work.
And with a with a completely
permissionless protocol, you need
someone to do that for you. Like you
need an orchestrator. And those
orchestrators don't just come out of
thin air and produce themselves. You
need to incentivize them. So there was a
started as this idea of like we're going
to optimize around total
decentralization. We actually achieved
it, but the end product of achieving
that was very difficult to use unless
you had someone orchestrating a front
end that would automate a lot of the
functions. Funny enough, what could
bring Azna back is LLMs because you can
tell an LLM your intention of what you
want to do with the protocol and it can
just generate the transaction. I don't
think like Wfinder or these other LLM
based wallets are quite there yet to
interact with with a protocol like Azna,
but when they do, I could definitely see
it making a comeback because the
specialty of Azna is it can ingest
assets that don't have oracles and like
when you first launch an asset onto the
blockchain and this was the other
problem with Azna like we launched at
the peak of the previous bull market
essentially and we had a lot of
borrowers because there was value in
this concept of like okay this asset has
no agreed upon price source but there
are there is borrow and lend demand
against it and there's people that have
good equity in these assets that want to
capture it. Uh they all got wrecked
because all their assets went to zero.
So it was it wasn't really like Azna
didn't find product market fit out the
gate. It's like it found product market
fit but then all of the integrators just
lost all their equity and walked away
and then you would had to go get new
ones. Yeah. At that time that's kind of
like a double-edged sword and and kind
of like what's going to kill your
protocol. a launching at the top of a
bull market. You just don't get the
chance to build fat of developers and
users as you grind up that way and
everybody was doing borrow lend and then
like when Terra collapsed like there
also went the kind of proper narrative
or just incentive for anybody to want to
explore this. And I I just read an
article this week about how DeFi for the
first time, decentralized borrow lend
platforms are actually starting to
increase in volume again as well as
through CFI. So this is what two and a
half, three years after the collapse of
Terra and FTX. So yeah, I mean it's been
a couple years since that use case was
kind of highly soughta. I'm picking up
um some really interesting themes in
your time at Makerdo and what the issues
were with increasing adoption and use
for DI as well as at Azna in terms of
prioritizing decentralization and not
necessarily meeting the market where
they wanted. So using these kind of like
lessons learned over the years and um
finding out what your constraints are,
how are you able to apply the things
that you recognize didn't work at your
previous ventures and what are you doing
now at M0 to offer programmable stable
coin issuance infrastructure leveraging
those lessons that you've learned
firsthand over the years? Yeah. And I I
also I wouldn't say like make or doubt
didn't work. It's it's still around.
They they have like 10 billion dollars
of uh TVL, but well, and they're
deploying billions of dollars into um
like onchain MMFs. Yeah. I I think that
the better question to ask is were those
designs built to scale to the mass
market? And I don't I don't think so. I
think that's the problem. So, uh Azna,
maybe Azna was
simplied to the mass market, but it it
needs that incentivized layer built on
top. I think it's a bit of a different
problem than Maker has. Maker was
actually very much built from the
outside to hit the direct market, but on
the back end, that's where we ran into
problems and like specifically around
how to bridge the offchain and onchain
world without exposing that to the user.
And um that's what M0 solves. So M M0
you could think of it like a complexity
abstraction machine. on the one end for
people who want to build stable coins.
It abstracts away all of the complexity
of off-chain collateral management,
yield collection, compliance, etc., and
just delivers a wholesale asset called M
that you can then integrate completely
onchain to make your own stable coin or
what we call an extension. Uh on the
other side of the protocol are the
issuers and the compliance and the
regulation, the licensing, etc. And the
protocol manages all of that on the
other side. So, we we keep that away
from the user and and everything's
intermediated through M. Cool. I want to
delve into M in a little bit, but first,
if we're like going skydiving, let's
let's pull the parachute first and kind
of do the the the broader kind of like
stable coin place we're at right now in
regards to the outlook on stable coins.
So, where does M0 fit in the broader
stable coin market? And really as we
start to see
more centralized entities use like
fiatbacked stable coins, where does M0
fit in terms of like circles getting
bigger and tethers getting bigger and
other similar competitors? So I I think
we should even go a step higher and ask
like what does the consumer want out of
a stable coin be because uh from their
perspective these are all the same
thing, right?
they just see stablecoin, they think
they're the same, but as you know, they
are constructed very differently under
the hood and that construction does
matter at scale. So I I think what the
consumer wants is that they're they're
yearning for cash. If if you think back
like pretend that we're sitting here 50
years ago, we are we are not going to
the store and spending our bank deposits
like we do today. We're going and we're
spending cash. and cash had a lot of
very nice properties that we've lost in
the transition to digital. So in order
to make everything digital, we just
basically digitize bank deposits and
bank deposits are very far from being a
perfect substitute for cash. They have
counterparty risk. They're not
fungeable. They have to clear. They have
all sorts of weird compliance issues
that that make them hard to uh to use as
a payment instrument. So obviously we've
bolted on some things on top like credit
card networks and stuff that that
dramatically improve the user experience
but what we're seeing and this is proven
in the demand charts like people want
that those properties of cash again they
want that instant peer-to-peer payment
that they can keep in a wallet self-
custody not take counterparty risk and
uh basically just just have that old
experience that they they used to have
back. From your perspective, it could be
uh an overcolateralized stable coin or
even one of these US debt
instrumentbacked stable coins that
really takes off. It it really just
matters what is easiest for the consumer
to to purchase things with. Well, yes
and no. I mean, the cons, like I saying,
the consumer doesn't care. The consumer
cares that it whatever they're using
meets their needs. What you just
described could never meet their needs.
So, and a over So, first of all, every
stable coin is over collateralized.
That's it's a misnomer to say that uh
Tether is not overcolateralized or uh
and D is like I I think what you mean to
say is
cryptocolateralized. So there there's
this idea that you could collateralize a
stable coin with only onchain assets and
maybe we will get there one day but it
very very much matters what those assets
are and the answer emphatically is no.
You cannot have a stable coin
collateralized by volatile crypto
assets. The only crypto assets that you
can properly collateralize a stable coin
with are tokenized T- bills or tokenized
money market funds or something else
that has almost zero volatility against
the dollar because nothing else will
scale. And this is why I'm actually
quite pleased. I I usually am very
against regulation, but I'm quite
pleased with the stable coin regulation
because I if all they do is just define
a stable coin, it'll stop so much strife
in the consumer market because like
people are just going to keep getting
ripped off if you market something as a
stable coin and it gets conflated with
actual highquality assets. So maybe then
we can kind of like start there then.
What is your outlook on the stable act
and the Genius Act, both of which are
going through the two different houses
of Congress? What's what are the pros
and cons beyond just giving a basic
definition? I mean, to me, it's kind of
convoluted. There's two different acts
going through two different parts of
Congress. There's there's nuances in
both. There's there's a pressure to get
one of these bills put through soon.
Maybe there's going to be a combination
of both. It's it's really confusing
right now for anyone who's not like
really paying attention to this day in
and day out. Yeah. So, first of all,
they're very similar. Like, at the end
of the day, the differences are maybe 2%
of the language is different. I strongly
prefer the Genius Act over the House's
stable coin bill. And and that's for two
reasons. One is that the Genius Act has
effectively hard-coded bankruptcy
protections in for stable coin holders.
This is an issue that's very hard to
explain to the average consumer, which
is that you really need bankruptcy
protections and any asset you hold. And
what that means is not like, oh, am I
going to get ripped off in a bankruptcy?
No, you're not. Like, chances are if
like, let's use Circle as an example.
So, Circle today is regulated as a money
transmitter. Uh, if they were to declare
bankruptcy, I'm sure that all the assets
are there, right? Like they're not
they're not doing anything weird. But
that doesn't mean that you don't then
have to go through a bankruptcy
proceeding and those assets are going to
be held up in uh bankruptcy court for 2
and a half years to three years. And
like that would be for a stable coin
that that promises instant creations and
redemptions and like that's its value
proposition that it can it can
facilitate global finance. A bankruptcy
where all of the backing assets get
frozen effectively for years even if
they are there and then you have to
worry about like lawyers eating into
those assets. That's just a bad system,
right? like that's not that's not
sustainable. And I think it's hard for
the average consumer to appreciate that
because they don't see a lot of
bankruptcies. But to anyone who's seen a
bankruptcy, especially crypto people who
have like seen the FTX bankruptcy and
how absolutely f they got out of that or
the Mount Gox bankruptcy, like they they
know it's like if you if you don't
structure these things correctly, it
doesn't matter how good operationally
the company is, like you're you're not
going to get a good outcome. So hard-
coding bankruptcy protections is is to
me single-handedly the most important
thing the regulators can do because
that's just something there's no other
way to structure like you you what we do
today is we use bankruptcy remote
entities but then it causes a lot of
complications fitting into the existing
licensing regimes. So this gives us an
extremely clear path to launch issuers
in the US without having to compromise
on the quality of the stable coins that
we issue. Are there any other key
differentiations between genius and
stable? how prescriptive they are about
yield bearing assets. And I think it's
way more nuanced than people think. So
when people hear yield bearing stable
coin, they think, okay, it's gonna earn
savings rate for me, like holding a T
bill, right? I very very few stable coin
issuers want to do that. And even the
ones that do do it haven't seen a lot of
traction. The the real issue here is
that the way that the House wrote the
language, uh, it potentially jeopardizes
distribution agreements. So, I'll use
Circle again as an example because
they're like the biggest domestic issuer
we can find. So, Circle today has a big
distribution partner called Coinbase and
they pay Coinbase to do that if but
Coinbase is actually the holder of the
stable coin. If you look at the the
wallets like they all belong to
Coinbase, they don't belong to the users
and the users are then unsecured
creditors to Coinbase. So, in the House
language, it says you can't pay yield or
anything like it to a holder of your
stable coin. Whereas the Genius Act is
much less prescriptive and it just says
like yield bearing stable coins if their
securities are going to have to be
regulated as securities which is you
know that's that's the law already. It's
almost redundant to say it. So you're
not going to see people holding yield
bearing instruments. But we also don't
want the house language because that
would break potentially a lot of it
would just cause a lot of frivolous
litigation because the these
distribution agreements are the right
way to operate. There's nothing wrong
with them. There's nothing harming
consumers. I mean even a yield bearing
stable coin wouldn't harm a consumer but
that's a different topic. But it my
point is it doesn't interfere with the
banking lobbies that are trying to
prevent this. They just wrote the
language wrong. So essentially I'm I'm
hoping the Genius Act is the one that
gets pushed through because but but like
I said the points are really nuanced.
They seem really minor but in aggregate
they really affect uh you know backend
service providers like us. I've been
reading between the lines for what's
going on in DC and currently you have in
these conversations circle pit against
Tether but quietly and increasingly so
this year you have entities like Bank of
America stating they want to come in and
provide their own stable coins.
So maybe this is tinfoil Hattie, but is
there a world where there's a circus
show of circle versus tether where
quietly in the background we have
banking lobbyists pushing for them to
become the stable coin providers deacto
in the US? Yes and no. I mean they're
going to push the lobbyists but they're
not going to succeed. Obviously been
exposed to banks for quite some time now
and I think you know the pace at which
they innovate. Our position as a a
stablecoin startup is that one don't
regulate around the business model of
circle and tether because that will very
quickly get outdated. Also, don't push
us, you know, back to the stone age and
force us into a banking model like ma
did. That would be the worst outcome.
But fortunately, the legislators have
been much smarter than that. They
haven't listened to the bank lobby. They
haven't overoptimized for circle and
tether. And they if they pass genius as
it is today, they will have really in my
opinion succeeded in passing good
legislation. But but our opinion is that
Circle and Tether, we think of them like
the Nokia and Blackberry of stable
coins. Like they're huge today. They
they have proven a market, but there is
just no way that's the model we land on.
And like I can give you a very simple
anecdote for why. So these are two
actors that could potentially be issuing
the entire global money supply. Do you
see that as a possible outcome that
anybody could live with? No. Right. two
centralized private companies issuing
the entire world's money supply. Nope,
not gonna happen. So So we we think that
if you want to create the Apple or the
Google of of stable coins, you have to
not be too restrictive in the regulation
that you put out there. But like your
your argument that a bank is going to
come in and do this, to me, that would
be like saying, "Okay, well IBM is going
to build the next smartphone after noi
and Blackberry." Like no, they are just
out of the race. They're the if you want
to look at who gets hurt by this whole
stablecoin movement, it's banks. And if
you want to know who deserves to get
hurt, it's banks because they're
terrible. I 100% agree and honestly
like, thank you for painting that
picture because it was hard for me to
see the other side of the coin when you
have your doomer hat on. Have you had a
chance to be invited to to DC to be a
part of these conversations? I I've been
invited to a couple. Okay, cool. Um,
perfect. So, another kind of I guess I
wouldn't say competitor, but maybe
market entrant would be these
state-based stable coins. And so like
you look at Wyoming, they're talking
about having their own statebased stable
coin and they're even using some like
really nice language where portions of
interest will go to the state's
education system. So what's kind of like
the status or the chance for states to
kind of compete in the space and grab a
slice of the market share? I I mean I'm
going to be honest, I love seeing the
experimentation. It's very cool. I think
they have, you know, absolutely no
chance of being commercially successful
and but but it's for a simple reason
like everything tries to get as close to
the consumer as possible that this is
just universal, right? And the state is
not very close to the consumer unless
you're talking about tax payments and
most states don't even have income
taxes, especially the ones where they're
experimenting with stable coins. So, I
think what what we're betting on at M
Zero is that the distributors of stable
coins ultimately want to become the
issuers of stable coins or at least the
we call them extenders because they're
not legally issuers, they're just
distributing, but that they want to have
the control over the asset and that's
what we're optimizing for. So, so we
think that if you look today like Circle
and Tether, they issue the stable coins.
They don't distribute them. the
exchanges and the market makers
distribute those assets and we see a
future where those exchanges and market
makers all want to have more control and
also retain the economics over that
issuance. So that in our opinion they're
going to be the winners. Yeah. I mean if
you looked at Circle's IPO paperwork
they just showed how much money Coinbase
made in in fees from from issuing or
distributing and in my opinion they
don't pay them enough because they do
all the work.
Yeah. And also another point that you
brought up regarding state stable coins
like that that's that's a great point.
Most people don't want to use crypto
even if it's stable coins to pay for for
their taxes that they do have. In 2023,
Colorado made it possible for for
residents to pay their state income
taxes with crypto. And in 2023 and 2024,
less than 80 people in general for less
than $70,000 in aggregate paid for their
state income taxes using crypto. We
don't want to let it go. So I appreciate
that insight. So but it's good
experimentation, right? Because that
what they can do now is they can
optimize their own regulations to
attract issuers because what Genius does
is it says if you get to a certain size,
you're federally regulated, but if
you're under that, you're state
regulated, which gives startups really
the ability now to go to all the
different states and say, "Hey, who's
going to treat me the best?" And now
those states can be competitive on
treating them the best. Have you guys
had to shop for different states to work
out of like this or No. So, we we are
currently offshore. We don't have a US
issuer. Um, we're working on it. I think
you might I don't want to leak too much
alpha here, but you might you might see
some announcements really soon, but we
we are a multi-issuer stable coin. So,
we don't like if we do onboard US
issuers, they're not going to be
controlled by our company. They're going
to be their own independent licensed
entities that are joining our network.
So before we kind of like delve in to
that, I just want to briefly talk about
the the choices of networks that stable
coin issuers are are operating on top
of. So again, the current market cap in
late April 2025 for stable coins is 227
billion and 126.5 billion are on
Ethereum. 68.8 billion are on Tron and
12 billion are on Salana. And then the
rest is split amongst like 10 different
chains. Why are all these stable coins
landing on Ethereum? And what does the
race for different blockchain networks
look like now? How do different
blockchain networks compete to land
stable coins? I feel like you you found
one of my trigger points into tricking
me into going on a rant or something.
Please rant on. I'm sure you are you a
follower of crypto Twitter? You follow
all these these talking heads that just
opine all day? I'm unfortunately on
crypto Twitter all day long. So, you've
probably noticed that like the new thing
is is arguing over who's chains the
best, right? And like, you know, is
Ethereum going to zero? Did it optimize
for this correctly? Blah blah blah. All
right, let me I just want to let this
secret out to the world. Is Is this Is
this a familyfriendly show? Can we curse
on here or is this like curse if you
want to? No, no one gives a Truly,
like, no one outside of this stupid
little bubble that we have cares at all
about which blockchain you're running
on. They don't care if it's
decentralized. They don't care if it's
provisionless. They don't care if it has
rollups or blobs or anything. They just
care that they can use it. And the
reason you're seeing Salana take off and
not Ethereum in a certain in a lot of uh
respects is nothing to do with design
choices. It's because Salana really went
for like the direct to consumer stuff.
But even there there's a lot of
trade-offs and like everything's right
for disruption. Like it it it's only the
the network that is hitting the consumer
that people care about. So I I think
like from a from an application
developer standpoint, we want to be
everywhere because we also don't care.
We care about consumers. We we want to
make money. We want to we want to serve
people. We want to actually make an
impact. Like we're we're just not going
to make tradeoffs for no reason. So
awesome. I love it. Then so let's let's
zoom into to Mero then in particular
like how do you guys choose which which
chains to operate on? Obviously there
have to be users there and there has to
be demand. Is it like developer metrics?
Is it is it unique wallet addresses? Is
it what your partners are working on top
of? How how does this go about? It's
where the users are. And for us, a user
is an extender. So, this is a business
that wants to launch their own
stablecoin. So, the wherever those
application builders are, that's where
we go. And today, we're on Ethereum,
we're on Salana, and we're about to be
on a few other chains. It's really it's
entirely demand demand driven. We don't
guess at all. we we we wait until we
have a customer on that chain and then
we build the integration to go there.
And I feel like actually now that I went
in my rant, I have to backtrack one
thing. So there are certain applications
where having like censorship resistance
and credible neutrality are very
important. Like for instance, we we have
a governance layer in our in our system
and I think it's very important that
that is built on a chain that has very
high security, very high credible
neutrality and and censorship
resistance. Um but like just to deliver
assets to the end customer which is
where like we're using this TVL metric
that's almost meaningless. It just
matters where the applications are and
applications are going to go not based
on like pure they have a huge trade-off
matrix. Sometimes the centralization and
censorship resistance is going to be the
thing they need but other times the
chain can look a lot more like an AWS
database that it's fine like as long as
it's not literally an AWS database. They
they're probably a lot of consumerf
facing applications are probably fine
with that level of centralization. So I
I think you're just going to see a lot
more diversity in these environments
than we originally anticipated to vote
on on Mzero governance. You have to use
power tokens. So did you guys end up
building on top of Ethereum then because
that's the most distributed platform?
Yes. I mean we built it on top of
Ethereum. I think the EVM has the level
of expressiveness that we needed for the
application. But also like if it was
today and we were the choice would be
between Ethereum, Salana, Suie, you
know, one of these major chains that has
a good level of distribution of nodes,
I'd say. So like I I don't even research
this stuff that much anymore because I'm
so deep in the application layer. But if
I was starting the process over and I
had to say, what am I looking for? I
just want to know that it like the chain
can't be arbitrarily controlled by a
single person. And that that's probably
the most important thing. Do they have
any incentive to try and capture my app?
If not, then it's probably a contender.
And then we're going to look at the the
programming languages and the virtual
machine and like what you can and can't
do at a token level. Do you have
preferred programming languages? Well, I
mean, it would have been it would have
made my life a lot easier if everything
was written in Solidity because that's
what we wrote everything in the first
place. But, uh, we we recently rewrote
the whole protocol or the parts of it
that we needed to port over into, uh,
Rust for the SVM. So, we're deployed on
Salana now. And that's been really an
exciting journey because they had like
we're seeing a ton of demand out of
Salana. It it feels like a very
underserved stable coin market and uh
we're happy to be there because um it's
where a lot of our business is coming
from and it has some really cool
features like it's very fast. So So
maybe we can delve into that a little
bit then. Your first you guys just
announced this month that your first uh
user will be cast a platform offering
banking like services using on Salana.
On Salana correct sorry. So how did this
partnership come about and what what
exactly did you build uh for or
alongside Cast? Yes. So we built an
extension for cast and an extension is a
wrapped version of our MS stablecoin
where the builder so cast in this case
gets to control the compliance the yield
distribution the uh other features that
you may want to bake into the smart
contract etc. What are some of the
considerations for for compliance that
an extender might want to take into
consideration? Everybody has different
views and obligations obviously
depending on what they're doing. We
we're really trying to innovate here and
to get away from this monolithic model
of like okay Circle issues a stable
coin. They're the issuer, they're
distributor, they're the compliance
maintainer, etc., etc. Uh we think that
that should actually be much more
modular and specialized service
providers should step in to do their
jobs. So, one thing we're working on is
outsourced compliance functionality. So,
a common compliance feature you see in
stable coins is the pause method or the
blacklist method. So, like if you have
somebody that's not supposed to be
holding it or a government issues a
subpoena, you need to freeze the assets.
And like this is basically getting baked
into legislation worldwide. It's a
matter of time until every stable coin
needs to comply with that. We want to
use third parties for that though. Like
we we think that there's very
sophisticated third parties out there
like chain analysis and TRM and stuff
and people like them who you can just
give them let's call a hook like kind of
like unis swap v4 has these hooks into
the smart contracts you can give them a
hook in your stable coin and they can
effectively run that program for you so
they could say look we're going to just
do global maintenance and if you get a
subpoena forward it to us and we'll
we'll freeze the address. Got it. Okay,
so M is kind of like the powerhouse that
is used for a lot of these these
extensions. Uh various different it's
the wholesale asset. Think of it like
wholesale and retail. So the extenders
are the retail distributors. M is the
wholesale asset they buy from the
manufacturer. So like your partner would
buy a 100,000 a million M at a at a
time. Yeah, I think our average chunk is
like a million. That's what we say. And
so when they're using M um and I'm
probably gonna gonna chop this up and so
correct me wherever I'm wrong. When
they're using M, they're essentially
basing their token on M for its
stability. They're using M as as
complexity abstraction, which is the
best way to put it. So they're they're
relying on M. Yes. For stability. They
they know they can always uh at least in
the wholesale market redeem M for a
dollar. They are using it to automate
yield collection. So we the protocol
collects yield from the series of
issuers that's set up top and
redistributes that yield down to the
integrators where they can then do what
they want with it. They're relying on it
for transparency. So we have a network
of validators that are are c every 24
hours providing the live proof of
reserve for every issuer otherwise they
can't be part of the protocol anymore.
So yeah, I mean they basically rely on
us to do all of the stuff that you don't
want to do as a stable coin distributor
without having to give up all of the
economics like they currently do to
circle and test. Can you share a little
bit about the considerations that go
into a
multi-chain m issuance because now
you're on Salana, you're dealing with
SVM, you're you're dealing with EVM
chains. Um isn't isn't Noble uh built on
cosmos or so so now you're in three
different ecosystems. So what what
what's the complexity in that? Like
you're you're earning or you're you're
capturing yield from different issuers
on different blockchain networks. Is
there like a multi-chain pool that all
of this yield goes into that it's you've
got it a bit backwards. So okay, we the
extenders are like think of it like an
hourglass. So up top you have the
issuers of M. They all funnel into the
protocol and then outwards comes the
extenders. These are the distributors.
So like CAS is an extender. They're not
an issuer. So the issuance is happening
really you know at a very high level
very far away from the extenders that
boils down to M. We then propagate M
around all these environments. So and
this goes down to just like the basic
you know it's like that you know that
mean like it's multiigs all the way
down. So we have uh multi-IGs that
control the various portals on the
different chains and you know we have
custom security setups to make sure that
those can't be compromised. And then for
message passing between chains, we
currently use Wormhole and we're
integrating Hyperlane for places
wormhole doesn't support. Cool. So once
you once you've integrated into an
ecosystem, do you kind of like double
down on finding partners there or are
you more of like a first principles,
we're just going to go where the users
are and it doesn't matter. We don't go
anywhere without a partner. So like we
we deploy once we have a signed uh
extension agreement where someone's
basically hiring us to build them an
extension and they've given you they've
demonstrated enough of a business case
where we could justify having to do the
deployment. Okay. So now you have
according to the dashboard you have
noble usual and then you have your M
token. So you have extensions collateral
is is up and to the right since the
launch in June 2024. What does the
pipeline look like now? How how are you
guys being inundated with potential
partners? Are you still kind of on a
partner by partner basis? Are you still
kind of fielding individual calls at a
time? Is is demand starting to to swell
up? What does this look like? Yeah. So,
so we have a very strong extend uh
pipeline of extensions now and that and
that's really like our our success
benchmark. We build a lot of
infrastructure, too. So, we're building
specialty liquidity stuff because it's
all about serving these extensions and
making sure that they have a great
experience. But, uh, in terms of how
many extensions we're going to build, I
think we have like five or six in the
pipeline right now and that's growing
every day. And this is all word of
mouth. We haven't even done any
marketing yet, which we're going to do.
So, we're we're hoping that it really uh
starts to explode. One one thing that
we're building so that people can do
this more easily because right now we we
can only produce like two of these a
month for partners. We're building a
self-s served product. So this is where
developers can come in and they can just
follow a set of instructions and pre-
audited pre-ompiled code and they can uh
deploy their own extension. So it'll be
sort of like CCIP in that way. There's a
datab there's there's a SDK available
and and developers can choose to kind of
like tap into lack of better words the
Mzero network. Yeah. Yeah, they're
they're basically opting into using M as
the collateral for their stable coin.
And once they do that, uh the real
gating factor for them is getting on our
ear list. So governance maintains an
earner list of extensions. If you you
could still create an extension without
being on the earn list, but you're not
going to be able to collect any yield
then. And if you're not collecting any
yield, you're probably just going to use
a different partner. So that that's how
we gate access and we enforce these
standards. Like we basically say, well,
you you need to use our audited code or
we're not going to put you on this list.
And so a lot of your partners, are they
seemingly right now cryptonative? I
mean, you look like Noble and and usual
M. These aren't like screaming
institutional people. Are you starting
to like see the breadth of potential
partners expand beyond like crypto
natives to like Tradfy or anything like
this? Or is it still a little too early
in the game? Yeah, we're seeing it
slowly happen. So, this is just a matter
of what we're good at versus what our
competitors are good at. Like we're
we're not great at pitching legacy
financial institutions because we're a
very tech f focused company. Like
everything we do is cryptonative.
Everything's on chain. That pitch
doesn't yet resonate with Fidelity or
somebody like they're they're not going
to they're not going to care about that.
They're they're going to be like go show
me your most centralized setup and show
me the nine licenses that it has. Like
they don't really care about, you know,
interchain connectivity and unis swap
liquidity and things like that. Whereas
the crypton native firms, they
understand that very well and it's a
huge competitive advantage for them. So
they go with us. But uh we're seeing it
expand like now I think we just signed a
gaming partner which is pretty cool. uh
that that announcement should come out
pretty soon and we are going to start
approaching fintech just probably not
the fintexs you think of when you hear
the name because like those those big
almost legacy institutions I mean look
PayPal's a perfect example right like
they went with Paxos they have
PYUSD it doesn't really do anything
right like it's just it's just a stable
coin to have a stable coin that's backed
by their muscle and their their balance
sheet like that we find that the
integrators we go with are actually
doing something meaningful with the
stable coin where they where they want
to integrated in a way that it gives
them a competitive advantage. They're
not just doing it to have a stable coin.
So, you you just mentioned competitors.
Who would be like your closest
competitor today that somebody listening
to this podcast might know? We we find
ourselves in the same conversations as
Paxos quite often, but but it's funny
because we almost never find ourselves
in like a head-to-head with them. It
always it always diverges very early.
It's like, okay, there they're there's
some sort of legacy fintech, highly
regulated institution, they're probably
going to go Paxos. There's some
cryptonnative like really innovative
fast growing startup, they're probably
going to go M0. Yeah. if I'm reading
between the lines to to join the Paxos
network, you kind of, you know, they
they want like the Visas and and the
Krakens and these big names that they
can get a lot of users and share the
yields between the the the the partners
in their network, not necessarily with
the token holders. So are you finding
that M0 does kind of like help
distribute the yields more in a more
egalitarian manner than than necessarily
just to like your issuing partners or
your extending partners? Not
necessarily. I mean we we distribute it
to the partner, right? Like it's up to
the partner what they do with that
yield. Now there a lot of them are much
closer to the user. So maybe they're
going to find a way to incentivize them
to hold the token. But I I don't think
in the long run you see people just
holding these things like savings
accounts. Like people have access to
savings accounts. Maybe if if you're in
a different country then sure that might
be a big product but I I think you need
to offer some sort of additional
functionality on top of that. Like Cass
is a great example. Cast uses it
partially as a savings account. So they
pass some yield on to their
international users but then they also
give you this excellent I mean I've used
it myself now for quite a while.
excellent off-wrapping experience where
if you have a cast card like you go
anywhere in the world and you can spend
like it's just a normal credit card. So
like that that to me was a huge unlock
like I I use it around the block at the
store now. Very cool. So kind of zooming
out and wrapping up in April of this
year Standard Chartered predicted that
the stablecoin market cap would reach $2
trillion by 2028. Um, what's just your
general thesis for how prevalent stable
coins are going to become in the
everyday person's life and not just, you
know, your crypto native. Everyone will
be using stable coins for almost every
transaction that they make and they will
be blissfully unaware of that fact
because it'll be completely baked into
the back end of the applications they
use. Their their lives are just going to
get better because instead of going to
the bank and having to send a wire
transfer, they'll be able to click a few
buttons. So maybe I can uh draw a spicy
take out of you then. How long do you
think it will be um until we reach that
point? Is it two years? Is it seven
years? Is it 15? I think closer to five.
So I say that because like in order to
really like we will reach the tech
forward consumers in the next two years
that that we're very on track to do to
to reach like you know our
parents you need to get integrated into
the big players. like they're they're
not going to go download a new app and
try something like it has to be
integrated into their existing
applications which are very few and
those guys just have very long
integration cycles like if you started
now integrating into JB Morgan Chase
like that you might get that launched in
5 years we've covered a lot of territory
today and I'm almost positive that there
are questions or or things that I
missed. So, is there anything that you
feel like is also important to mention
that I didn't quite draw out of the
conversation? I think that the macro
environment is the is the other factor
that doesn't get addressed very often.
Like, we've all kind of now taken it for
granted that we're just going to
dollarize the world with these things
and it's going to be very good for the
US, which I still agree with, but that
is contingent on people still wanting to
use the US dollar for trade and such.
So, I I think like we're we're in bit of
unchartered territory here because
that's getting shaken up a bit, but
right now we see like a question I
always get asked and I always answered
the same way is is are you guys going to
make a stable coin that tracks the euro
or tracks the yen or the the I mean, I
don't think it's even possible to do a
Chinese currency, but if you could,
would you do it? Um, right now we see
zero demand. Like, literally zero. No,
everyone wants dollars and as far as I
can tell, that's how it's going to be
for the foreseeable future. So, you're
not concerned because right now at the
time of recording, we're in the midst of
these tariffs and trade wars. Gold is
surpassing all-time highs. Dollar, the
Dixie index is down. 30-year bond rates
are going up. There's a lot of shortterm
fragility and people's outlook on the
dollar. Are you feeling a bit unflapable
about what's happening right now? Like,
this is just a short-term blip. I think
it will take a lot to get like the
average person to care enough about
whatever volatility this introduces into
the dollar. Like sure maybe at the at
the high political level this matters,
but when you are talking about receiving
a payment, a dollar is still a dollar.
So I I think I think for the foreseeable
future this is going to be a completely
dollar-based industry. Yeah, I haven't
looked up the numbers yet, but I gave a
presentation on stable coins maybe about
nine months ago and
99.1% of all demand for any stable coin
was dollars and then maybe euro maybe
was the rest of that point8. Yeah. And I
I think the euro number is going to
continue to decline as long as they have
ma in place because mika is one of the
worst pieces of legislation ever passed.
What's next on the road map then? You
you kind of teased out some
partnerships. You mentioned gaming. Um,
what's what's something that you're
looking forward to in the next quarter
or two? Well, we have, like I said, we
have a lot more extensions launching.
So, I I'm, you know, excited for our
next explosion of extension integrators
because there's some really cool brands
in there. But otherwise, you know, we're
we're really trying to rein and make
coherent our infrastructure liquidity
vision. We're building some really cool
things like uh we have some new Uni V4
hooks that are in audit right now that
are going to launch and we're going to
use those to amplify M liquidity on
chain. We have a bunch of other chain
deployments coming in that are really
cool. Like, you know, we have a Salana
deployment and then we're going to have
some other ones coming up that we're
accessing through a variety of bridge
partners. So, yeah, I I think we we
we're doing a lot. That's for sure.
Super cool. So, if anyone's listening to
this, who do you want to talk to and
what's the best way they can follow you
or what's going on with M Zero? We we
want to talk to anybody with
distribution power that feels they could
benefit from their own stable coin.
whether you have one today or whether
you're using Circle or Tether or you
even want to just think about having
one, we want to talk to you. Um, they
can reach us in almost any way. They can
they can reach out to me directly. Uh,
I'm I'm probably easy most easily
reached on Twitter. My my handle is
g_dip, but we have a LinkedIn. You could
reach out to the LinkedIn page. It's
just mzero. We have a Twitter mzero
foundation and a bunch of other
channels. Our website's mzero.org.
There's also an intake form there. Yep.
And a really cool dashboard. Greg, thank
you so much for taking the time to chat
to us. It was super fun to kind of uh
delve into to your background. Um you
you don't dawn the OG hat, but you
certainly talk the OG talk. So, thanks
for for sharing um your lessons learned,
a lot of the really great things that
you're working on at M Zero. Um your
perspective on the stable coin race uh
here and abroad, and I really appreciate
it. It's great to talk. Thanks, Don.
Appreciate it. Cheers. Thank you for
tuning in to the Smart Economy Podcast.
To stay in the loop with all our latest
episodes and insights, head over to
www.smarteconomyodcast.com. And don't
forget to subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all of our video content. If
you enjoyed today's discussion, please
consider showing your support by liking,
commenting, and reviewing this episode
on your favorite podcasting platform.
Your feedback helps us reach more
listeners and brings even better content
your way. We'd also love to hear from
you, so please drop a comment on Spotify
or YouTube to share what topics you'd
like us to cover or who you'd like to
see as our next guest. And if you or
someone else you know would make a great
guest, please reach out. We're always
looking for fresh voices and new
perspectives. And if you're a Neotoken
holder, please consider voting for Neo
today as your council representative.
We've proudly been serving the NEO
ecosystem since 2017. We'll continue to
do so by putting portions of our council
rewards directly back into ecosystem
growth initiatives. So, thanks again for
listening to the Smart Economy podcast
and we look forward to catching you next
time.